# Next word prediction

Unable to add the network file as it was too big!
 
One area of natural language processing that can aid in word prediction is next word prediction, often known as language modelling. One application of machine learning is this. It had previously been considered by some researchers utilizing various models, including federated text models and recurrent neural networks. Every researcher made a forecast using their own models, including the researcher in this instance. The Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) model with 200 training epoch was chosen by the researchers to create the model. The researcher employed web scraping to gather the dataset. 180 destinations in Indonesia from nine provinces are included in the dataset.

The subsequent word prediction model that was developed is fairly correct on the provided dataset. NLP requires applying various types of pattern discovery approaches aimed at eliminating noisy data. The loss was considerably reduced in concerning a hundred epochs. Files or dataset that are large to process need still some optimizations. However, bound pre‐processing steps and bound changes within the model are often created to boost the prediction of the modeIn future, with the rapidly transformation of technology, we may have the technology to get the image with high accuracy and high visual quality. The upcoming filtering methods can provide a better image reconstruction, with less than half of the processing time than those classic vector filters.
Next word prediction is one of NLP fields because it’s about mining the text. The researcher here used the LSTM model to make the prediction with 200 epochs. The result showed that it maintained to get accuracy 75% while the loss was 55%. Based on that result, it could be said the accuracy is good enough. As it also showed that it’s better than two of the two other researches which used different models. The model could be used to predict the next word by giving the input of the destination.
• We are able to develop a high-quality next word prediction for the dataset.
• We were able to reduce the loss from 7.87 to 0.631 in about 150 epochs.
• The next word prediction model which we have developed is fairly accurate on the provided dataset. The overall quality of the prediction is good.
• However, certain pre-processing steps and certain changes in the model can be made to improve the prediction of the model.
